Ghostwriting
Hello John,

It was lovely speaking with you today. As discussed, I am attaching the details for your review. Please let me know if you have any questions or concerns and I will be able to address them here.

Process:
As soon as the order is placed, A project manager gets in touch with you over the phone. They welcome you onboard and share a couple of questionnaires with you which entail information about the subject of the book and what writing style you prefer.

Once, we have the filled questionnaires, our writing team drafts an outline based on the provided information and shares it with you for your approval. once we have the approval for the outline from you, our writers start writing the first chapter.

The entire book will be done chapter by chapter and you will be called every week to get your feedback. Similarly, the book will be delivered chapter by chapter every week so we can make sure we are moving in the right direction.

Once the book is completed, it is completely formatted as per the international publishing standards and shared with you in Pdf and MS word files.

The calls will be just to receive your feedback. 10-15 minutes at max. If you think calls are going to be tough to schedule, we can do emails as well. And when you think you can make time for calls, we can speak.

Packages:
This is the package that is offered for the ghostwriting of a book with different quality of writers. 

Writing Package:
Creating/updating the outline.
Completing your book of around 200 pages as per the requirements/outline.
Adjust the layout and presentation for the publishing standards.
Unlimited revisions.
A dedicated team of expert writers.
Complete Ownership Rights.
Editing, Proofreading, and formatting
Turnaround Time of 60 – 70 days.
Now from the pricing point of view. We have three different tiers of writers.

1. Platinum Tier - NYT Nominated Authors
2. Gold Tier - Professional Ghostwriters with 15+ years of experience
3. Silver Tier - Professional Ghostwriters with 5+ years of experience.

The price for the same package in different tiers will be:

1. Platinum - Now $11,125
2. Gold - Now $6,725
3. Silver - Now $3,100

We sign a contract before we move forward and our entire emphasis remains on the writing as per the client's suggestions. Remember, it is your book. We are only a company that is hired to do the job on it. 

One thing I can guarantee is that there is no other company better than Penguin Book Writers to get the job done. 

I look forward to hearing from you about your opinion on the shared information. 

Regards,

